David Debreczy, Arthur Dsouza, Abhiraj Mallangi, Period 6, 6/2/2024

Game : Pacman Ultra


Instructions: 

First and foremost, we have found an odd and rare error where sound and collisions fail to work.
To begin, you must compile the PacmanDriver. 
Then, player has to compile the Map.java file again for good measure. Next, locate the PacmanDriver.java
file and click run. You will be met with a GUI that has three levels, along with instructions.
Clicking on instructions will bring you to a simplified instructions guide, such as this one. Click OK
to close it when finished.

To play any level, easy to hard, click on any of the buttons. This will open a new panel that contains the game.
You can use the arrow keys to move your Pacman character.
Your score is visible on the top of the screen. It increases whenever you eat the white dots/food.
To win, eat all the dots on the map without dying three times. 

On standard, the ghosts are red, and are able to reset your Pacman upon collision. To prevent this, stray away from them
until you get a cherry powerup. 


There are three powerups, cherries, oranges, and trash. Cherries will allow you to eat ghosts for a few seconds.

During this time, the ghosts will turn from a red state to a blue state. Touching the ghosts will leave them stuck
and unable to move. After the powerup has worn off, any unmoving ghosts are still able to reset/kill your character.

Oranges allow you to move two squares at a time for a few seconds, and should only be used to traverse wide spaces.
Otherwise, you will find trouble traversing through narrow spaces with many walls. 

Trash is more of a power-down. It will make your Pacman unable to move for a few seconds. 


If your character eats all the food, the game ends, and the timer stops. You will recieve a message telling you so. 
If your character diest three times, the game ends, and the timer stops. A small X will appear at the bottom of the screen,
indicating your defeat.

To play a new level, re-run the PacmanDriver file.

To pause a current level, press P. To unpause, press P again.